well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about a
declaration on funding
and whether or not something is american
we're going to do this because of the
news coming out of mitch mcconnell's
kentucky
i don't think anybody's surprised by the
news i think we all knew this was coming
but even knowing it's coming doesn't
actually make it okay
it does not appear that there's going to
be any progress it doesn't appear that
there's going to be any forward movement
doesn't appear that there's going to be
any reform and it certainly does not
appear
that there's going to be any justice as
soon as this news broke
some people took to social media to call
for defunding in louisville
me i'm some people in this case
i was met by the idea that i shouldn't
say that
because it's un-american we back the
blue here
man that got me thinking
is it you know it's hard
to say for sure what the founders would
do
it is but what would they do if they had
swarms of
officers sent to harass them what would
they do if they had militarized officers
out on the street when they weren't
necessary
what would they do if those officers had
been
rendered immune to the civil authorities
or that they were protected from
punishment for any acts that they might
do
they'd write the declaration of
independence
that's what they do i know this may come
as a shock
to a lot of the sunshine patriots out
there but the declaration of
independence which
probably like your profile picture on
your social media
it's a lot more than the preamble there
was actually a list of complaints
in it reasons
that uh there were issues
he has erected a multitude of new
offices and sent hither swarms of
officers to harass our people
he has kept among us in times of peace
standing armies
i understand standing armies at the time
those armies were tasked with enforcing
the king's rule enforcing the law
kept among us in times of peace
militarized officers when they weren't
necessary
he has affected to render the military
independent of and superior to
civil power render them immune i don't
know if he qualified it
for protecting them by a mock trial from
punishment for
any murders which they should commit on
the inhabitants of these states
the exact same complaints more flowery
language here
but it's the exact same complaints
because this is a habit of governments
in general
what was the rallying cry in the 1700s
how those patriots get people behind
them
no taxation without representation right
everybody knows that you learn it in
grade school
what does that mean representation why
do you want representation
so you can hold the government
accountable right
so another way of saying this would be
no taxation without accountability
because you don't want your tax money to
go to fund something that's
not accountable to the people
defunding the police is as american as
it gets
it's literally in the declaration of
independence
it is the call of a patriot and i know
there's some confusion over what that
means but let's just
run through it real quick if you cut
funding to something
that entity has to decide what's
important
what their priorities are i would
suggest
that going out and playing soldier and
kicking in doors without doing the
proper investigative work that goes
along with it
isn't a priority
defunding the police is a just call and
it would be effective
it would make law enforcement agencies
that
are out of line it would make them
prioritize
you know and when i hear people complain
about it i hear people talk about it
here
well we can't defund the sheriff's
depart of course we can't hear
well they don't do any of this stuff
either
these calls are specific to
problem departments to areas where they
have forgotten what their actual duty
is to protect and serve to areas where
they're not
accountable that's where this call gets
made
and it makes complete sense aside from
it making complete sense it is literally
one of the most american things you can
say
no taxation without accountability they
don't get money
if we can't hold them accountable that's
how the country was started
the fact that a lot of politicians are
coming out against this
shows where they are where their
loyalties are
not to the american people not to the
people that they're theoretically
supposed to represent
to themselves it's all they care about
they're trying to put a mask on the
problem hide it away
give excuses that's not
what we're supposed to do here the
united states requires advanced
citizenship you have to pay attention
and if you have found yourself falling
for sloganeering
that paints the idea that government
entities should be held accountable
otherwise they don't get money
if you have fallen for the idea that
that's somehow bad
you have fallen for an un-american idea
because it's literally in our founding
documents
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day